About Aditya :

Aditya is a sophomore at Granada High School with a deep passion for all things computer science related, mainly artificial intelligence and machine learning. He is particularly interested in researching the implications of AI-integrated education. 

Project Experience:

Founder - AIallstars.org  - Livermore, CA 	                      				                
Created an artificial intelligence informational website that provides visitors with information about artificial intelligence, and sources to learn more about the field. 
Hosts knowledge of the various subfields within artificial intelligence such as NLP and computer vision. 

AI Scholar  - Inspirit AI, Palo Alto CA 	                      				                Jan 2023 - April 2023
Learned about applications of AI in criminal justice under a Stanford Undergrad specializing in AI
Worked together with a cohort of other students to create a machine-learning model that predicts recidivism rates of former inmates with and without race data.
Presented our results to parents and the Inspirit AI board and received a certificate for our project.

Data Science Scholar  - ATDP UC Berkeley, CA 	                                                                July 2023 - August 2023
Learned the fundamentals of data science and machine learning under a Berkeley Ph.D. Student
Created a statistical model that predicts video game sales worldwide based on a variety of factors like genre, age, and U.S sale
Received a 100% score on my project and was praised by my instructor for adeptly evaluating model accuracy through metrics like Mean Squared Error (MSE) and using train/test split methodology in machine learning.


Academic Goal:
Aditya's academic goals are to extract a deep understanding of artificial intelligence and explore its applications in other fields such as medicine, education, and business. 

Skills: 
Programming Languages: Python, Java, JavaScript, HTML, SQL, C#
AI/ML/Tools: NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, Git, Google Sites

Awards/Honors:
Top Scholar (School,9,10) Awarded by Granada High School, 4.0+ GPA
Principal’s honor roll (School, 9,10) Awarded by Granada High School, 3.8+ GPA
Second place in the Georgiana Hayes Invitational debate tournament 
First-degree black belt in taekwondo 
Project Certificate awarded by Inspirit AI

Activities:

Speech & Debate Club - 				           	        	                                  	      Meets every Friday for one hour to discuss different debating techniques as well as participate in practice debates.
Participate in Debate tournaments and invitationals every month or every other month where we participate in parliamentary-style debates with two people per team 

Artificial Intelligence Club - 				 		                  	            
Meets every other Thursday to discuss various different topics within artificial intelligence and meet with experienced individuals in the field
We explore the applications of artificial intelligence in other fields using tools such as TensorFlow 

Video Game Creation Club -                                                                                                          September 2022 - Present
Meets every other Friday to work on a fully functional 2D game.
I’m currently SFX lead within the club and head all operations in creating game themes and sound effects

Stanford Math Circle -                                                                                                                        October 2023 - Present
Meets every Wednesday through Zoom with a guest instructor to discuss various topics in math

Community Service - 
Active volunteer at the Quest Science Center and the Shiva Vishnu Temple in Livermore


Contact:
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/aditya-singampalli-a18666292/
Phone: 123-456-789
Location: Livermore, California 

Strengths and Advantages:
Aditya's strengths lie in a profound passion for technology, innovative problem-solving, and curiousity for all things.

Weaknesses and Disadvantages:
Aditya's weaknesses mainly are in his introverted personality making it more difficult for him to network and form connections. 

Interests and Hobbies:
My interests are mainly in artificial intelligences and machine learning. My hobbies are playing basketball, video games, and reading. 
